[MUSIC]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So we are going
to create a widgets service class,
with a widgets collection, then we
are going to decorate it with injectable.
Inject this into the widgets component and
consume the widgets collection.
Now here is the bonus time.
Let's say for instance,
you had a property, maybe like a number,
or something of that sort,
that you wanted to transform.
So let's say you had a dollar amount.
And let's say you could buy these for
$100, and you had a coupon service.
So you wanna run this through and
generate a new price.
So, the bonus is to create
a second helper service
that you can inject into your widget
service, and perform some calculations.
So this might be a good helper
service that you can pass in.
I will give you some tools for success
because I heart each and every one of you.
If you are looking for
inspiration on how to do this.
Obviously, we have the experiments
service with some stuff
in it that might be a good place to look.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Also,
you get bonus points if you
program to an interface.
And then from here you can
see how this is going down.
So, everything you need to succeed
I have blazed the trail before
you and I anxiously await your arrival.
>> Speaker 2: What is the difference
between component and a view and then,
when is it recommended to use dynamic
component loader?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So I believe that view
is a metadata specific to view specific
things such as the template and styling.
I personally have never used the view, and
I think it was fairly prevalent at kind
of the beginning, Alpha1, 2 and 3.
But currently, I just see components.
So actually template URL and
styles did not belong, or
it actually was not in the component
metadata, if I'm not mistaken.
So you had to define them separately and
then somewhere along the lines, they
actually kind of merged those together.
So I never use view,
I always use component.
If somebody knows of a good reason to
use view in conjunction with component.
I'd be interested to hear that but
everything that I use.
Do you know a reason?
>> Scott: Yeah,
they use the view specifically for
the templates at first but
now they kind of they join
it with the component.
But they still kept the view around
because they realized that with
the introduction of universal Angular 2.
That they can actually use
the view decorator for
other environments that
Angular 2 my run in.
For instance like native script.
You could set a view like, I want this
view to render when I'm in a browser.
But I want this view to render
when I'm in native script, or
I want this view to render when I'm here.
So it's just a different way to render
different types of views in different
environment, at least that's the plan.
And I believe, but yeah,
you don't actually need it right now.
But the plan is to have it that way, so
you could share your application but
have different views for
different environments.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So, good answer.
There are some things that are conspiring
and being developed with Angular 2.
That we have a sense of, but
they're not mature enough yet for
us to kind of dig into.
One of them, actually I wanted to do
a day workshop on universal Angular,
cuz I think it's a game changer.
But, it's not quite ready to talk about.
But, there's definitely some
interesting kind of dynamic
rendering things that'll happen,
when that comes down the pipeline.
So actually, Scott, great point that
gives us some options to determine how we
actually want to render our component
based on certain situation.
Now, as for the dynamic component loader,
I have only had one use case well
I've only used it in one place.
So the answer is you will use dynamic
component letter anytime you need to
dynamically load a component
into your parent component.
Thus it's called dynamic component loader.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: The I think
it varies from situation to situation
with Angler 1 it was quite a bit easier.
I actually have a blog post on a blog
where I talk about loading
dynamic templates.
And where that gets interesting is if
you want to actually compose a template
on the fly.
So for instance, let's say you have
a data object that has a type on it and
based on the type you wanna render
it a bunch of different ways.
So let's say you have like
a media object and it's a photo,
video and like just text.
Cuz you might say if it's image
then I wanna render it's kind of
the stylistically is an image or if it's a
video I actually want to render the video.
Or if it's a text, I wanna make
it look like a piece of not pad.
So these highly stylized
kind of directives.
And based on that I was able to
do simply say what type is it and
then pull in the inline template and
do dollar compile.
Passing the HTML I wanted to compile and
to test that to a scope object.
With Angular 2, we don't have access
to the compiler at that level.
So this is where the dynamic
component loader comes in.
And the use case that I have for
that is if you want to or
need to dynamically
generate forms on the fly.
I actually have a plunk for this,
if enough people ask I
will show maybe tomorrow.
But getting, especially for
line of business
applications where you get a json
schema of a data object and
you want to build a form
dynamically around that.
This is where this becomes,
very interesting as you can just
basically loop over those fields and say.
Let's add an input component and
then have that render itself
how ever it needs to be.
It's a little bit limited in regards to
what you can do with Angular 1 because
we don't have access to
the compiler the way that we do.
But any time that you need to dynamically
add components to a parent component.
So I think in that case they've
done a pretty good job of naming
it dynamic component loader.
Any more questions?
Yes, Scott?
>> Scott: I want to add to that.
So, one use case that I've seen and
tried before,
with dynamic component loader was.
So pretty much when you're in a situation
where you just don't know what the DOM is
gonna look like at call time.
You just don't know until call time, so
a good example of that
is data visualization.
You just don't know where this bar is
gonna go or where this line is gonna draw.
And you don't know until it's called.
So that's a good example of when you
want to use a dynamic component loader.
Because you just don't know,
it's not available there.
So that's one example, so
you can think of stuff like that.
Other than that,
I haven't really thought of a.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Even dashboards,
actually now that I think about it.
Now that we've got our
creative juices flowing.
Thanks Scott, you're inspiring me.
For instance, a dashboard where you have
the shell ,and then you have individual
teams building out components.
And then based on let's say,
a user that you log in as.
Then you may see certain kind of
components rendered based on who you are.
Any preferences that you've set,
what your access level is.
Then you simply at load time you just
won't know until you know who this person
is and you've had a chance to check
there account and their preference, etc.
And then you can lay that dashboard out.
So, a good example of this would be
like a Fintech kind of a dashboard.
You can imagine where it's like,
I wanna see like my stats for
my financial holdings.
And dynamically rendering that
on the fly and allowing or
developers creating a system to
dynamically render that for their clients.
So definitely a few use cases, and
I think any kind of dynamic behavior,
I really hope to see that
particular feature kind of mature.
And I'd love to actually have more access
to the kind of lower level component to do
things.
With Angular 1 I could actually say,
this is the string I want to render, but
I could actually compile
that into anything I want.
So I could say, I want this header
with this body with this footer.
And so
you dynamically now can post templates.
And that I think would
be really interesting.
Right now, for instance, if you wanted
to dynamically choose a template,
kind of on the fly,
you don't have access to that right now.
So